README.md, before:

# Harooo!

Collection of scripts while trying out Bitburner

## Logic

Add image of logic flow here

### Scripts

| Script     | RAM     | Purpose                                                 | Logic                                               |
| ---------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| Start      | 2.7GB   | Controls the start of the run                           | ![Start](docs/Module-Start.jpg?raw=true)            |
| Configs    | X.XXGB  | Global configuration options                            | -                                                   |
| Minimal    | 7.70GB  | Handles basic gameplay with no ram                      | ![Minimal](docs/Module-Minimal.jpg?raw=true)        |
| Controller | X.XXGB  | Manages game loop with ram                              | - TBD                                               |
| Network    | 12.00GB | Handles ring and networking                             | - TBD                                               |
| Focus      | X.XXGB  | Handles targeting and distribution                      | - TBD                                               |
| Shop       | X.XXGB  | Handles shopping and flow                               | - TBD                                               |
| Monitor    | 4.15GB  | Monitors a server for security, money, threads and time | ![Monitor](docs/Module-Monitor.png?raw=true)        |
| Minideploy | 4.65GB  | Script to help % targeting on home                      | ![Mini Deploy](docs/Module-Minideploy.png?raw=true) |
| xmin       | 2.40GB  | Minimal Hack, Weak, Grow on single target               | ![xmin](docs/Module-xmin.jpg?raw=true)              |
| xhack      | 1.75GB  | Distributable hack script                               | -                                                   |
| xweak      | 1.80GB  | Distributable weak script                               | -                                                   |
| xgrow      | 1.80GB  | Distributable grow script                               | -                                                   |
| zPlayer    | 2.25GB  | Handles player data, skill, programs, money, ports      | ![Player](docs/Module-Player.jpg?raw=true)          |
| zServer    | 5.55GB  | Servers home, ring, hacknet, servers, bots and targets  | -                                                   |
| zCalc      | 2.10GB  | Calculation functions numCycleForGrowthCorrected        | -                                                   |
| uDoor      | 29.50GB | Auto backdoors all servers without singularity api      | -                                                   |
| uRoute     | 1.80GB  | Utility to provide route to server                      | -                                                   |

---

### Notes

- uDoor.js - Needs to be run while looking at terminal (InjectHTML limitation)
- uDoor.js - If using 'Do something else' can cause script to stop injecting, kill, refresh, start fixes it

---

### Resources

- [Bitburner Remote File API](zRemoteAPI.md)
- [Step by step install](zBeginnersGuide.md)
- [Bitburner Official Github - Typescript Template for Remote API](https://github.com/bitburner-official/typescript-template)
- [Bitburner Official Documentation - Remote API](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/remoteapi.html)
- [Bitburner Official Documentation - Netscript](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/netscript.html)
- [Bitburner Official Github - Netscript Interface](https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/blob/dev/markdown/bitburner.ns.md)

---

### Credit

- Remote API and wrapper thanks to the [Typescript Template repo](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/remoteapi.html) and hydroflame, Hoekstraa, based on work by SlyCedix
- Minimal.js borrows from [Official Getting Started Guide](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guidesandtips/gettingstartedguideforbeginnerprogrammers.html)
- Hacknet payback time borrows from [@grimley517](https://gist.github.com/grimley517/c2d531976db057cede4ac8e367418971)
- HWGW Algorithm borrows from [@trhr](https://github.com/trhr/lets-play-bitburner/blob/ep7/hwgw.js)

Commit message:

feat(controller): added controller, display and adjusted network slightly
- Added controller to handle larger automation
- Added display to reduce odd code in the logic flow
- Reworked Network slightly

README.md, after:

# Harooo!

Collection of scripts while trying out Bitburner

## Logic

Add image of logic flow here

### Scripts

| Script     | RAM     | Purpose                                                 | Logic                                               |
| ---------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| Start      | 2.7GB   | Controls the start of the run                           | ![Start](docs/Module-Start.jpg?raw=true)            |
| Configs    | 1.60GB  | Global configuration options                            | -                                                   |
| Minimal    | 7.20GB  | Handles basic gameplay with no ram                      | ![Minimal](docs/Module-Minimal.jpg?raw=true)        |
| Controller | 14.90GB | Manages game loop with ram                              | -                                                   |
| Network    | 12.00GB | Handles ring and networking                             | -                                                   |
| Focus      | X.XXGB  | Handles targeting and distribution                      | - TBD                                               |
| Monitor    | 4.15GB  | Monitors a server for security, money, threads and time | ![Monitor](docs/Module-Monitor.png?raw=true)        |
| Minideploy | 4.65GB  | Script to help % targeting on home                      | ![Mini Deploy](docs/Module-Minideploy.png?raw=true) |
| xmin       | 2.40GB  | Minimal Hack, Weak, Grow on single target               | ![xmin](docs/Module-xmin.jpg?raw=true)              |
| xhack      | 1.75GB  | Distributable hack script                               | -                                                   |
| xweak      | 1.80GB  | Distributable weak script                               | -                                                   |
| xgrow      | 1.80GB  | Distributable grow script                               | -                                                   |
| zPlayer    | 2.25GB  | Handles player data, skill, programs, money, ports      | ![Player](docs/Module-Player.jpg?raw=true)          |
| zServer    | 5.55GB  | Servers home, ring, hacknet, servers, bots and targets  | -                                                   |
| zShop      | 10.75GB | Handles shopping and flow (Nodes and Servers)           | -                                                   |
| zCalc      | 2.10GB  | Calculation functions numCycleForGrowthCorrected        | -                                                   |
| zDisplay   | 5.60GB  | Used to handle printing and styling                     | -                                                   |
| uDoor      | 29.50GB | Auto backdoors all servers without singularity api      | -                                                   |
| uRoute     | 1.80GB  | Utility to provide route to server                      | -                                                   |

---

### Notes

- RAM usage is guidelines only if you were to run them individually. Eg, Controller uses many of the classes but only totals 14.90GB as RAM usage is only counted once per function.
- uDoor.js - Needs to be run while looking at terminal (InjectHTML limitation)
- uDoor.js - If using 'Do something else' can cause script to stop injecting, kill, refresh, start fixes it

---

### Resources

- [Bitburner Remote File API](zRemoteAPI.md)
- [Step by step install](zBeginnersGuide.md)
- [Bitburner Official Github - Typescript Template for Remote API](https://github.com/bitburner-official/typescript-template)
- [Bitburner Official Documentation - Remote API](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/remoteapi.html)
- [Bitburner Official Documentation - Netscript](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/netscript.html)
- [Bitburner Official Github - Netscript Interface](https://github.com/bitburner-official/bitburner-src/blob/dev/markdown/bitburner.ns.md)

---

### Credit

- Remote API and wrapper thanks to the [Typescript Template repo](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/remoteapi.html) and hydroflame, Hoekstraa, based on work by SlyCedix
- Minimal.js borrows from [Official Getting Started Guide](https://bitburner-official.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guidesandtips/gettingstartedguideforbeginnerprogrammers.html)
- Hacknet payback time borrows from [@grimley517](https://gist.github.com/grimley517/c2d531976db057cede4ac8e367418971)
- HWGW Algorithm borrows from [@trhr](https://github.com/trhr/lets-play-bitburner/blob/ep7/hwgw.js)
